[ADD] AI: Generate Images (#18021)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/ai/generate_images.rst

Subject consistency and contextual generation
=============================================

When a reference image is provided, the AI treats that image as the visual anchor for the subject.
The defining characteristics of the subject, including shape, proportions, colors, materials, and
recognizable features, remain consistent even when the surrounding environment changes.

This allows the same product, object, or subject to appear in multiple visual scenarios while
maintaining a consistent identity across generations.

The AI also attempts to place subjects into environments that are relevant to their intended use or
purpose. For example, a product may appear in a realistic workspace, storefront, or operational
setting rather than in an unrelated or decorative environment.

When creating additional image variations, the AI intentionally changes elements such as
composition, framing, perspective, lighting, and environmental context to ensure that each generated
image remains visually distinct while preserving the original subject.

Generate an image
=================

To generate an image, open a supported image field or editor and select the AI image generation

> option. Enter a prompt describing the desired image, then begin the generation process.

Reviewer: we're missing a few navigational details here! 

"open a supported image field" --> Which app do we start and how do we get to a supported image field? I'm not sure how to follow the instructions here 😅

After processing is complete, the generated image appears directly in the selected field or editor.
If the generated image does not match the intended result, the prompt can be refined and the image
regenerated.

.. image:: generate_images/image-generation.png
   :alt: An example conversation with the agent.

When a reference image is used, the AI preserves the identity of the original subject while adapting
the surrounding environment or composition according to the prompt.

When generating variations from an existing image, prompts work best when describing how the subject
should be presented or used, rather than redefining the subject itself.

If text, branding, or logos are required in the generated image, these elements must be explicitly
included in the prompt. Otherwise, generated images exclude visible text by default, according to
the rules defined in both the image generation agent and the Generate Images topic.

Generate an image on a webpage
------------------------------

To generate an image to add directly to a webpage, navigate to the :menuselection:`Website` app and
click :guilabel:`Edit`. Either click on an existing block or add a new one.

> In the webpage editor, under the *Image* heading, click :guilabel:`Replace` to open the

Reviewer: i think it's more closely a dropdown? also, I added a field name (: 

<img width="318" height="346" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/017382f4-424d-451b-bd8b-069747fbf859" />

```suggestion
In the webpage editor, expand the *Image* dropdown-menu, and click :guilabel:`Replace` next the :guilabel:`Media` field to open the
```

> :guilabel:`Select a media` pop-up. On the pop-up, click the AI icon.

Reviewer: Another way i got to the **Select a media** pop-up was by double-clicking an image with the website editor open. It might be good to mention that there are two ways to get here (: 

Also! I thought for pop-ups, we italicize the names? So wouldn't it be *Select a media*?

.. image:: generate_images/select-media.png
   :alt: The Select a media pop-up window.

On the resulting conversation window, either click one of the :doc:`default prompts
<default_prompts>`, or enter a custom prompt.

.. tip::
   Effective prompts generally describe both the subject and the context in which the subject should
   appear. Prompts that include environmental details, lighting conditions, perspective, or intended
   usage often produce more accurate results.

   For example, instead of using the prompt `Office Chair`, a more detailed prompt like `Modern
   ergonomic office chair in a collaborative workspace with natural daylight and a side-angle

>    product photography composition` may produce stronger results.

Reviewer: I had some trouble following the structure of this section, mostly because the information architecture feels a little out of sequence with the actual user workflow.

In lines 63-71, in the opening of “Generate an image” section, I expected to immediately see the procedural steps for starting image generation, but instead the section reads more like a conceptual overview of prompting behavior and generation outcomes. What was your reasoning for including this, in addition to the conceptual overview in the sections above?

Since the title implies a task-oriented workflow, I was expecting around lines 63 to start with concise instructions first, with supplemental guidance afterward.

Right now, some of the operational guidance (prompt-writing advice, regeneration behavior, identity preservation, logo/text handling, all the content in lines 86-93) appears before the user has actually reached the point in the UI where they can generate an image. Because of that, I found it harder to mentally map the instructions to what i was seeing in runbot.

For example, the actual navigation path to begin generating an image (`Website > Edit > Replace > AI icon`) doesn’t appear until the “Generate an image on a webpage” section, even though that’s effectively the first actionable step in the workflow. Structurally, I wonder whether the task flow would be easier to follow if:

- the navigational path came first
- and once the user reached the AI image generation chat window,
- your prompting guidance/tips appears contextually at the point where the user is actually writing prompts

I also think some of the content in the introductory section could potentially be condensed or repositioned:
- The process summary could probably be reduced to short procedural bullets.
- Some of the explanatory content (identity preservation, variations, regeneration behavior) may work better as notes, tips, or a separate “Prompting best practices” subsection.
- The paragraph about logos/text feels more like a note or limitation callout of AI outside of Odoo than part of the core workflow, so it may be easier to scan if surfaced as a `.. note::` block.

Overall, I think the content itself is useful, but reorganizing it might make it easier to follow (:
